[ipcamera] Fixes for Reolink, NPE fix and allow alarms on NVR channel 0 (#15966)
openhab/openhab-addons: bundles/org.openhab.binding.ipcamera/README.md

### Reolink

- NVR's made by Reolink have ONVIF disabled by default and may require a screen connected to the hardware to enable ONVIF or newer firmwares may be able to do this via their app or web UI.

> - This binding will use the Reolink API for polling the alarms. To use Reolink API, set `onvifPort` to 0. Otherwise ONVIF event methods are used for the alarms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This binding will use ONVIF methods to receive alarm events by default. To use polling with the Reolink API, set `onvifPort` to 0 and make sure the `nvrChannel` matches the port your camera is connected to the NVR with.
```

Reviewer 2: This seems to be an improvement. If you can fix this @Skinah thi si ready to be merged. 
Would be nice to get a confirmation from @uselessCookie as author of this PR that he agrees with the changes.
